Fixes to the starter code:

Bug fixes

- VectorCreate: verify first malloc succeeds before using v.  Store
  vector length in data structure.  Initialize all vector elements to
  NULL to preserve the vector invariant.

- Fix memory leak in VectorSet - need to free the old array.

- Fix VectorSet to check for allocation failure if array is resized.

- Fix assignment to prev in VectorSet.  Two bugs: nothing was stored
  if the array was expanded, and the assignment in the other case was
  missing a level of indirection to actually store the value in the
  caller.

- VectorGet does not specify what to do if the index is out of
  bounds. A possibility is to expand the array if the index is >=
  current length.  But then there's no good way to handle an error if
  the expansion fails since returning NULL in this case is not
  distinguishable from a ordinary value, yet the singificance is
  entirely different.  So the specification was modified to require
  that the index in VectorGet must be within the current bounds of the
  array.

- Test program never checks malloc or VectorSet results for failures.
  Add tests and quit if either fail.

- Test program stores pointers to new ints in a vector then prints
  them, but it never initializes the ints it allocates, so it prints
  garbage.  Any initialization is ok - this version stores i in the
  ith int in the vector.

- Fix memory leaks in main program.  It never frees the vector nor the 
  ints stored in it.

Code improvements, comments, minor fixes

- Use <...> on system headers in #includes, and delete unnecessary
  #includes.

- The code uses uint32_t and size_t in various places for array sizes
  and locations.  There should be only one type for this, either
  uint64_t (since we're on a 64-bit system) or size_t (which is good
  enough for this exercise).  Picked size_t arbitrarily.

- Fixed PrintIntVector spec in test program to say it assumes all
  elements in the vector have type *int and are initialized
  accordingly.  A better version of this function would at least print
  something appropriate if a NULL value is encountered, but the code
  was left alone after documenting it.

- Picked better name for the vector size constant in main instead of
  N, and introduced second constant for initial size of the vector.

- Add asserts to verify parameters to several functions.  However, no
  need to check index parameters since these have an unsigned type
  (size_t), so they cannot be negative.

Not changed

- Names like vector_t were left as-is from the original code rather
  than changing capitalization, etc.
